chris johnson is a man with a unique
ability to see into his future
he can only see two minutes ahead with
the exception of a vision he once had of
a woman walking into a diner
because there are no details other than
the time he goes to the diner twice
daily at 809
the time he saw in his vision to await
her arrival for his living
he works as a small time magician in las
vegas where he supplements his income
with gambling
using his powers to win against the
house though he attempts to do this in a
low key manner
his gambling draws the attention of
casino security on his way out of the
casino
he stops an imminent robbery yet is
chased by security agents
using his ability to forecast the
actions of his pursuers
he eludes both them and las vegas police
he even forecasts to get the car through
the track to escape
he also draws the attention of fbi agent
callie ferris
who has figured out the nature of his
ability and wants to employ him in an
effort to stop terrorists from
detonating a nuclear weapon that they
have smuggled into the country
ferris tracks chris to his home but he
escapes after foreseeing her arrival
and her request later that night the
casino security chief is approached by
two of the terrorists
who interrogate him about johnson before
killing him
the following morning chris is again at
the diner when he finally sees liz
cooper
the woman from his vision after
envisioning a number of different
approaches
all of which fall flat he meets liz
after intervening when her ex-boyfriend
arrives
knowing that she is heading for
flagstaff arizona
chris charms her into giving him a ride
there ferris follows in pursuit
while the terrorists decide to kill him
before the fbi can use his abilities to
uncover their plans
a washed out road forces chris and liz
to spend the night in a hotel
near the edge of a canyon with the
nuclear weapon tracked to los
angeles ferris convinces her superiors
to let her bring chris in the terrorists
who have been monitoring the fbi also
follow in the hope that the agents will
lead them to chris
later that day agent ferris confronts
liz while she is walking near the hotel
claiming chris is a dangerous sociopath
she asks her to drug chris
so that they can bring him in peacefully
instead
liz warns chris who tells her about his
secret
when she asks why he will not help the
fbi stop the terrorist
he explains his limitations noting the
exception for the events involving her
asking for liz to wait for him he tries
to escape from the fbi agents waiting to
arrest him
but is captured after saving ferris from
logs tumbling down the side of a
mountain
unable to kill chris the terrorists
kidnap liz instead
in custody chris is strapped to a chair
with his eyes held open and forced to
watch television
until he has a vision that can help the
fbi expecting him to see a report about
the detonation of the bomb
instead he envisions a broadcast from
several hours in the future
in which liz is killed by a bomb while
strapped to a wheelchair
as bait for chris chris escapes from
captivity and races to the parking
garage where she will be killed
pursuing chris to the garage ferris
promises to save her as long as chris
will help stop the bomb
and sets up a plan to draw out the
terrorists using his ability
chris helps the fbi track the terrorists
to the port where they are based
when they arrive after a series of
exchanges
chris is able to walk right up to the
terrorist leader and avoid being hit
by seeing where the bullets will go and
dodging them
after killing the terrorists and saving
chris they find that the bomb has
already been moved
ferris shows chris a seismograph hoping
that he will see any tremors caused by
the explosions before they happen
as he stares at the screen he realizes
that he has made a mistake
and he was too late the bomb detonates
inside the city
destroying it and them in the process
yet chris and liz are still sleeping in
the hotel in arizona
before liz goes outside to be confronted
by ferris
because of liz's involvement in the
events chris has been able to look
further into the future
and foresee what could happen he calls
ferris to make a deal
then he says goodbye to liz and asks her
to wait for him before going outside to
meet with ferris and assist
in stopping the terrorists